Based on the following podcast excerpts, what does John Roderick think about donuts? Formlate your response in the voice of John Roderick.

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: That's what I'm here for. 
Merlin: If I know anything about me anyway i it's like them them them them yummy tater chips. 
Merlin: we're like i've never had one donut of anything. 
Merlin: uh-huh do you know what i'm saying? 
John: i do i do. 
John: i've never had one donut of anything. 
Merlin: title um okay what's your favorite donut? 
John: I like a cake donut. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: See, don't get cute. 
Merlin: Okay, I'm writing down, don't get cute. 
Merlin: All right, never mind, I'm dragging this out. 
Merlin: I still don't hear about your situational depression. 
John: No, no, no, I want to hear about the bit about the typeface. 
Merlin: John, the setup for the bit was I asked you, because you were obviously eating at least one donut that I could hear, and I was asking you, do you have a kind of donut you like? 
Merlin: Now, here's the thing. 
Merlin: You ask most people, And they're going to say, I think if they're the kind of person who eats donuts, they're going to say something pretty similar to what you did without much prompting, which is, yeah, I got a couple strong feelings about donuts. 
Merlin: I like this kind of donut almost to the exclusion of others. 
Merlin: And I super don't like these two, three, four kinds of donuts. 
Merlin: Like I don't like surprise donuts. 
Merlin: I don't like joke donuts. 
Merlin: I don't like the kind of shit where my wife buys food that doesn't have food in it. 
Merlin: Like she buys like, oh, it's try these new chicory snaps. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: A hundred percent. 
John: All of those things. 
John: It's the wheelhouse of my bailiwick. 
John: But when I eat any other kind of donut, it feels like, as soon as I take a bite of it, it feels like I want to be a copper of firemen, and I don't want to be a copper of firemen. 
Merlin: No, all donuts are good. 
John: I don't want those mushy, mushy things. 
John: They're too doughy. 
John: They're too bready. 
John: They're bleh. 
John: I want a cake is what I want. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: Oh, you think of Pete Townsend. 
Merlin: Pete Townsend, right? 
Merlin: You say Roland, I think of Adrian Ballou, who very courageously played a solid-state amp with the way that he plays guitar, which is fucking insane. 
John: I think of Andy Summers when you say Roland. 
Merlin: Oh, I can see that. 
Merlin: They had a really nice warm chorus on it. 
Merlin: Yeah. 
Merlin: So... I think if you ask people about donuts, like if we do to do, like we've, we've had gone out and gotten food together. 
Merlin: We've eaten more dim sum than most of you've had hot meals. 
Merlin: Like when you get food and you say to somebody, or like I said, my fucking family, like, what do you want for dinner? 
Merlin: What do you want for dinner? 
Merlin: Like if I could, I would just order what I feel like all the time and just listen to you people whine about it. 
Merlin: Nobody wants to participate in that part of the meal, but sometimes I'll say, what would you like for dinner tonight? 
Merlin: Or maybe, Maybe ambitiously, I'll say, what would you like? 
Merlin: And sometimes people have a feeling about that, especially people who are hungry. 
Merlin: Here's the thing about donuts. 
Merlin: You ask most people, do you have a preference for a donut? 
Merlin: And do you have a feeling about the donuts you don't prefer? 
Merlin: And I think almost everybody, with any fucking sense, you say that to me, and I'm going to say, yeah, I really like, if it's very fresh, I like a glazed donut. 
Merlin: Even if it's not that fresh. 
John: Like a warm. 
John: You want it to still be warm. 
John: When you say fresh, do you mean warm? 
Merlin: But you can, you know, the thing is you can heat them in the microwave. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

John: Oh, I know that one. 
John: I know that one. 
Merlin: You ever had the jizz donut? 
John: Oh, for sure, for sure. 
John: Yeah. 
Merlin: That's a good ass donut. 
John: It's a good donut. 
Merlin: I'm trying to, uh, go ahead. 
John: Well, typically, you know, somebody will say like, Oh, I'm going to bring some donuts. 
John: And I say, you know, make sure you get lots of cake donuts. 
John: And they're like, huh? 
John: Yeah, sure. 
John: Or whatever. 
John: They give me some donut tood. 

Roderick on the Line - The Jimmy Carter of Jerusalem, May 1, 2023

Merlin: Hotel New Hampshire. 
John: Things are good. 
John: I had a stale donut. 
Merlin: Is that what she called it? 
Merlin: I don't love that man. 
Merlin: I'm only going to give him a stale donut. 
John: I got sugar. 
John: And lard, but without the sweet softness of a fresh donut. 
John: I got it. 
John: So... 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

Dan: Exactly. 
John: Right? 
John: Yes. 
John: So all three ingredients have to be present. 
John: And what's incredible is when somebody at one of these board meetings that I go to and somebody orders two baker's dozens of donuts, mixed donuts... And the box flings open and there are all these donuts, including always like two maple loaves or a big bear claw and a maple loaf. 
John: Nobody wants a maple loaf. 
John: I never see anybody eat the maple loaf. 
John: It's the fucking size of a sub sandwich. 
John: How could you plow your way through one of those things? 
John: But anyway, everybody jumps into the donut box and I'm like, don't take the cake donut because there's usually only one or two. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: Yeah. 
John: It's there for the table. 
Merlin: You can just tear off a little strip, you know? 
John: The thing about the donuts. 
John: Here's the thing about the donuts. 
John: And this is a tricky one because... There are a lot of people that don't take home the leftovers and Then there are some people that do and I'm a take home the leftovers type of person. 
John: Mm-hmm. 
John: Now if there are four people if there are less than four people, but someone's buying a dozen doughnuts, which happens, right? 
John: Oh, I'm coming to the thing. 
John: I'm gonna stop I'll get a dozen doughnuts But there's only. 
John: there's only three people at this meeting or something. 
John: anytime there's gonna be leftover doughnuts and Typically, I am going to want those donuts later. 
John: I'm going to look at it. 
John: I'm going to survey a scene. 
John: There's going to be like six donuts in a box. 
John: I don't want to throw those donuts away. 
Merlin: This is even setting aside the fact there are very rarely leftover donuts. 
Merlin: If you leave them out for a little while, they're going to go someplace. 
John: In Seattle, at least, you can't eat two donuts. 
John: The donuts up here, one donut is four donuts. 
Merlin: For me, my problem, and I know this about myself, and so I tend to just say, you guys enjoy yours, because for me, it's either zero donuts or six donuts. 
Merlin: I very rarely eat a donut and a half. 
John: Six donuts. 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

John: And it was that predictable frenzy where there were lines around the block. 
John: Everybody wanted a Krispy Kreme. 
John: And I had absolutely no interest in a Krispy Kreme. 
John: Zero interest. 
John: Because I don't want to hear the word KREME. 
John: When we're talking about a donut, in the same way I don't want sprinkles, I want a cake donut with frosting and sparkles. 
John: If my donut is not cake, if it's bread, I won't eat it. 
John: If it's a cake donut without frosting, I can't imagine why you would make it. 
John: And if it's a cake donut with frosting but no sparkles... It's like a fluffernutter with no peanut butter. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: What are they doing? 
Merlin: They got to dig up dirt. 
John: Lord only knows. 
John: I mean, it's not like the city really cares or does any maintenance on this neighborhood, so it must be something really serious. 
John: Maybe they found some pirate gold. 
John: I had a donut, though. 
Merlin: Really? 
Merlin: What kind of donut did you have? 
John: Well, I had a chocolate donut. 
Merlin: A chocolate all the way through or a frosted glazed? 
John: I don't like donuts. 
John: I like cake donuts. 
Merlin: You like old-fashioned cake donuts. 
John: Cake donuts is the only kind I like. 