Based on the following podcast excerpts, what does John Roderick think about donuts? Formlate your response in the voice of John Roderick.

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: That's what I'm here for. 
Merlin: If I know anything about me anyway i it's like them them them them yummy tater chips. 
Merlin: we're like i've never had one donut of anything. 
Merlin: uh-huh do you know what i'm saying? 
John: i do i do. 
John: i've never had one donut of anything. 
Merlin: title um okay what's your favorite donut? 
John: I like a cake donut. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: See, don't get cute. 
Merlin: Okay, I'm writing down, don't get cute. 
Merlin: All right, never mind, I'm dragging this out. 
Merlin: I still don't hear about your situational depression. 
John: No, no, no, I want to hear about the bit about the typeface. 
Merlin: John, the setup for the bit was I asked you, because you were obviously eating at least one donut that I could hear, and I was asking you, do you have a kind of donut you like? 
Merlin: Now, here's the thing. 
Merlin: You ask most people, And they're going to say, I think if they're the kind of person who eats donuts, they're going to say something pretty similar to what you did without much prompting, which is, yeah, I got a couple strong feelings about donuts. 
Merlin: I like this kind of donut almost to the exclusion of others. 
Merlin: And I super don't like these two, three, four kinds of donuts. 
Merlin: Like I don't like surprise donuts. 
Merlin: I don't like joke donuts. 
Merlin: I don't like the kind of shit where my wife buys food that doesn't have food in it. 
Merlin: Like she buys like, oh, it's try these new chicory snaps. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: A hundred percent. 
John: All of those things. 
John: It's the wheelhouse of my bailiwick. 
John: But when I eat any other kind of donut, it feels like, as soon as I take a bite of it, it feels like I want to be a copper of firemen, and I don't want to be a copper of firemen. 
Merlin: No, all donuts are good. 
John: I don't want those mushy, mushy things. 
John: They're too doughy. 
John: They're too bready. 
John: They're bleh. 
John: I want a cake is what I want. 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

John: It's a wonderful experience. 
John: And like a powdered donut, get out of Dodge. 
John: I'll eat them all day. 
John: Yeah, I love those. 
John: But you don't find those in... you don't find those in donut shops exactly. 
John: Or maybe you do, maybe you do, but I'm, but I'm looking for the, uh, I'm looking for the, the chocolate cake donut with chocolate frosting and, and sparkles. 
John: And maybe every once in a while you'll see one with peanuts, chopped peanuts on it. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: Oh, you think of Pete Townsend. 
Merlin: Pete Townsend, right? 
Merlin: You say Roland, I think of Adrian Ballou, who very courageously played a solid-state amp with the way that he plays guitar, which is fucking insane. 
John: I think of Andy Summers when you say Roland. 
Merlin: Oh, I can see that. 
Merlin: They had a really nice warm chorus on it. 
Merlin: Yeah. 
Merlin: So... I think if you ask people about donuts, like if we do to do, like we've, we've had gone out and gotten food together. 
Merlin: We've eaten more dim sum than most of you've had hot meals. 
Merlin: Like when you get food and you say to somebody, or like I said, my fucking family, like, what do you want for dinner? 
Merlin: What do you want for dinner? 
Merlin: Like if I could, I would just order what I feel like all the time and just listen to you people whine about it. 
Merlin: Nobody wants to participate in that part of the meal, but sometimes I'll say, what would you like for dinner tonight? 
Merlin: Or maybe, Maybe ambitiously, I'll say, what would you like? 
Merlin: And sometimes people have a feeling about that, especially people who are hungry. 
Merlin: Here's the thing about donuts. 
Merlin: You ask most people, do you have a preference for a donut? 
Merlin: And do you have a feeling about the donuts you don't prefer? 
Merlin: And I think almost everybody, with any fucking sense, you say that to me, and I'm going to say, yeah, I really like, if it's very fresh, I like a glazed donut. 
Merlin: Even if it's not that fresh. 
John: Like a warm. 
John: You want it to still be warm. 
John: When you say fresh, do you mean warm? 
Merlin: But you can, you know, the thing is you can heat them in the microwave. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

John: Oh, I know that one. 
John: I know that one. 
Merlin: You ever had the jizz donut? 
John: Oh, for sure, for sure. 
John: Yeah. 
Merlin: That's a good ass donut. 
John: It's a good donut. 
Merlin: I'm trying to, uh, go ahead. 
John: Well, typically, you know, somebody will say like, Oh, I'm going to bring some donuts. 
John: And I say, you know, make sure you get lots of cake donuts. 
John: And they're like, huh? 
John: Yeah, sure. 
John: Or whatever. 
John: They give me some donut tood. 

Roderick on the Line - The Jimmy Carter of Jerusalem, May 1, 2023

Merlin: Hotel New Hampshire. 
John: Things are good. 
John: I had a stale donut. 
Merlin: Is that what she called it? 
Merlin: I don't love that man. 
Merlin: I'm only going to give him a stale donut. 
John: I got sugar. 
John: And lard, but without the sweet softness of a fresh donut. 
John: I got it. 
John: So... 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

Dan: Exactly. 
John: Right? 
John: Yes. 
John: So all three ingredients have to be present. 
John: And what's incredible is when somebody at one of these board meetings that I go to and somebody orders two baker's dozens of donuts, mixed donuts... And the box flings open and there are all these donuts, including always like two maple loaves or a big bear claw and a maple loaf. 
John: Nobody wants a maple loaf. 
John: I never see anybody eat the maple loaf. 
John: It's the fucking size of a sub sandwich. 
John: How could you plow your way through one of those things? 
John: But anyway, everybody jumps into the donut box and I'm like, don't take the cake donut because there's usually only one or two. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: Yeah. 
John: It's there for the table. 
Merlin: You can just tear off a little strip, you know? 
John: The thing about the donuts. 
John: Here's the thing about the donuts. 
John: And this is a tricky one because... There are a lot of people that don't take home the leftovers and Then there are some people that do and I'm a take home the leftovers type of person. 
John: Mm-hmm. 
John: Now if there are four people if there are less than four people, but someone's buying a dozen doughnuts, which happens, right? 
John: Oh, I'm coming to the thing. 
John: I'm gonna stop I'll get a dozen doughnuts But there's only. 
John: there's only three people at this meeting or something. 
John: anytime there's gonna be leftover doughnuts and Typically, I am going to want those donuts later. 
John: I'm going to look at it. 
John: I'm going to survey a scene. 
John: There's going to be like six donuts in a box. 
John: I don't want to throw those donuts away. 
Merlin: This is even setting aside the fact there are very rarely leftover donuts. 
Merlin: If you leave them out for a little while, they're going to go someplace. 
John: In Seattle, at least, you can't eat two donuts. 
John: The donuts up here, one donut is four donuts. 
Merlin: For me, my problem, and I know this about myself, and so I tend to just say, you guys enjoy yours, because for me, it's either zero donuts or six donuts. 
Merlin: I very rarely eat a donut and a half. 
John: Six donuts. 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

John: And it was that predictable frenzy where there were lines around the block. 
John: Everybody wanted a Krispy Kreme. 
John: And I had absolutely no interest in a Krispy Kreme. 
John: Zero interest. 
John: Because I don't want to hear the word KREME. 
John: When we're talking about a donut, in the same way I don't want sprinkles, I want a cake donut with frosting and sparkles. 
John: If my donut is not cake, if it's bread, I won't eat it. 
John: If it's a cake donut without frosting, I can't imagine why you would make it. 
John: And if it's a cake donut with frosting but no sparkles... It's like a fluffernutter with no peanut butter. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: What are they doing? 
Merlin: They got to dig up dirt. 
John: Lord only knows. 
John: I mean, it's not like the city really cares or does any maintenance on this neighborhood, so it must be something really serious. 
John: Maybe they found some pirate gold. 
John: I had a donut, though. 
Merlin: Really? 
Merlin: What kind of donut did you have? 
John: Well, I had a chocolate donut. 
Merlin: A chocolate all the way through or a frosted glazed? 
John: I don't like donuts. 
John: I like cake donuts. 
Merlin: You like old-fashioned cake donuts. 
John: Cake donuts is the only kind I like. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: I used to work for a guy who used to like to be a hero. 
Merlin: He'd go out to Krispy Kreme on the weekends for his family and get donuts. 
Merlin: And I found out at length that he would buy two dozen donuts and he would eat a dozen Krispy Kreme donuts on the way home and still look like a hero. 
Merlin: You ever have a Krispy Kreme donut right after it comes off the line? 

Roderick on the Line - Pareto Olive Principle, August 12, 2019

Merlin: We've never gotten this close to all the doughnuts being eaten. 
John: Yeah, there's like zero – the only problem is that some jagoff only ate half of a donut and then nobody else wanted to eat the second half. 
John: because it's a fancy party and you don't go around eating half donuts. 
Merlin: Yeah, yeah, yeah. 
John: But the thing is, Clooney would already be gone. 
Merlin: You know what else he does? 
Merlin: He sees you. 
Merlin: He sees you out of the corner of his eye. 
Merlin: He goes, is everything okay, John? 
Merlin: You go, oh, you know, everything's fine, George. 
Merlin: You did a great job. 
Merlin: He goes, no, no, really. 
Merlin: What's wrong? 
Merlin: What's wrong, John? 
Merlin: And you say, well, you know, I really would have loved, you know, this one specific cake donut. 
Merlin: He reaches into his beautiful Gucci jacket. 
Merlin: He pulls out. 
Merlin: It's a donut in an envelope. 
Merlin: And it says John Roderick on it. 
John: I have a donut in an envelope right here. 
John: I have a donut for you right here. 
John: Right next to me. 
John: I'm saying me right now. 
John: I have a donut in an envelope. 
John: Oh, you dropped it on the floor. 
Merlin: You already got an envelope full of donuts? 
Merlin: Here it is. 
Merlin: Huh. 
Merlin: Here it is. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: Yep. 
Merlin: First it was a shirt. 
John: Then a best-selling book. 
Merlin: See the shirt. 
Merlin: Now you can buy the shirt upon which the book is based. 
Merlin: Don't get cute. 
John: This is the thing. 
John: I know this because as a cake donut eater, two dozen donuts show up at a meeting because it's Janice's birthday. 
Merlin: Oh, my God. 
Merlin: The box is open. 
Merlin: And you know what they did, John? 
Merlin: They asked for a variety. 
John: They sure did. 
John: You know what? 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: Ryan, I've heard this. 
Merlin: You give a Krispy Kreme ten seconds in the microwave, and Bob is literally your uncle. 
John: Wow. 
Merlin: But I also, so like, you like a cake donut. 
John: Yeah, I won't go to a Krispy Kreme. 
John: They don't have cake donuts. 
Merlin: There you go. 
Merlin: Well, it's not in their bailiwick house. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

Merlin: Sprinkle sounds like water sports, and I don't love it. 
Merlin: In Cincinnati, we call them Jimmy's. 
John: Jimmy's. 
Merlin: And usually Jimmy... 
John: It feels to me like Jimmy would be gummier than a Sparkle. 
Merlin: We could buy the really fancy ones from Whole Foods, and those are called James's. 
John: Oh. 
John: Those sound nice. 
John: But anyway, I like to get them from any kind of truck stop place. 
John: But I won't eat... I won't eat a non-cake donut. 
John: If you put it like one of those... Cruller. 

Roadwork - With My Mind Bullets, July 18, 2012

John: Mm-hmm. 
John: Uh, and they're cake donuts, but they're blonde cake. 
John: They're not chocolate, not chocolate cake. 
Dan: Correct. 
John: Um, those are one of my all time favorite road trip foods. 
John: Uh, you know, I always felt guilty going in and buying a big thing of those cake donuts. 
John: Cause of course you eat the whole thing. 
Dan: Oh yeah. 
Dan: And they would, they would, when I was a kid, they sold them in, eventually started selling them in, in these sort of bags of them, of the Entenmann's powdered donuts, uh, And you get that powder all over your shirt, powder all over your fingers. 

Roderick on the Line - Don't Get Cute, October 21, 2024

John: I am a cat in a hobo hat trying to steal a pie off of a windowsill. 
Merlin: Save it for the next record. 
Merlin: I'm a cat. 
Merlin: What kind of donut? 
John: I'm very vulnerable to donuts. 
John: Oh, okay. 
John: And I make bad decisions based on them. 
John: And I think I'm, you know, I need, my blood sugar is probably a problem. 

Roderick on the Line - Pareto Olive Principle, August 12, 2019

Merlin: I don't know. 
Merlin: I'm just saying. 
John: No, that's fine. 
John: Then you get a dozen cake donuts. 
Merlin: Okay. 
John: Then you get a dozen bear claws. 
John: Ooh. 
John: And then one more dozen. 
John: What's another kind of donut? 
Merlin: Well, what you could do at that point, if you want to be cute. 
John: Oh, a dozen cream-filled. 
Merlin: You could get a Boston cream. 
Merlin: And if you want to be cute, if you get into large enough donut numbers, you can say to the operator, the donut operator, you could say, mix it up for me. 

Roadwork - Where All the Lilypads Are, March 13, 2014

John: But if it was Mike and Ike's, it was like, eh. 
John: And I know a lot of people. 
John: I have had a good friend, Scott, who all the way into – Full adulthood, late into his thirties, he was still eating sweet tarts. 
John: He would carry them around in his pocket and just be like popping sweet tarts all day, which is just like, you know, it's just like sugar mixed with acid. 
John: Yeah. 
John: But, you know, if somebody gave me sweet tarts, I mean, that's just the stuff that is in the bottom of your Halloween list. 
John: candy that's like, Oh, sweet tarts. 
John: Great. 
John: Thanks a lot. 

Roadwork - We Are Not Snow Giants, August 8, 2013

Dan: I think it was pretty nice of you to give him anything at all. 
John: Well, I mean, you know, I knew it was a scam and I was happy for his friendship and he knew that. 
John: I knew that it was a scam and yet he didn't break off and, and there would be something churlish about saying, well, buddy, I knew it was a scam all along and go take a flying fucking a rolling donut. 
John: You know, that, that feels like the type of thing that you would do in a moment like that to demonstrate your own superiority. 

Roadwork - Diddling is the MacGuffin, May 8, 2013

John: Oh, none. 
Dan: I'm serious. 
John: No, I hear you. 
Dan: I don't need any of that. 
John: Well, one of the reasons that I could not stay gluten free is, is because I have this kind of relationship with, with, um, like attempt, like a temptation. 
Dan: Like you're sitting there looking at that, at that donut shop. 
Dan: Every time you walk voodoo donuts, every time you walk past it, whatever. 
John: I have no, I have no, uh, I'm not enticed by voodoo donuts, but, but I do, I do have, I do have a relationship with, doing bad and it's. 
John: and because it's situational little situations like one where I have said I'm not going to have any pizza it's. 
John: so then I have such easy access to an opportunity to do bad and it's an opportunity that doesn't. 
John: Nobody gets messed up. 
John: Nobody – no money is lost. 
John: I don't have to vacuum up any powdered donut sugar out of somebody's car. 
John: I don't leave your Jeep high-centered on a stump outside of Golden, Colorado. 
John: I just eat a slice of pizza and I get all the rush of doing bad. 
John: And so my life is – I surround myself with little opportunities to, to vent that impish desire so that it doesn't build up and I do something capital B bad. 

Roderick on the Line - Pareto Olive Principle, August 12, 2019

John: Oh, gosh. 
Merlin: Golly. 
John: Golly. 
Merlin: Oh, it's early. 
John: It is. 
John: You know, I had a donut already. 
Merlin: I had a bagel. 
John: I don't usually. 
John: I don't usually. 
Merlin: What kind of donut? 
Merlin: What kind of donut? 
John: You know, I like cake donuts. 
Merlin: Oh, interesting. 
Merlin: Oh, boy, you must be in your corn, because nobody ever wants the cake donut. 

Roadwork - The Junius Issue, September 30, 2013

John: is where basically you would call it donuts. 
John: Or is there another term for it, like a regional term? 
Dan: I've only heard donut. 
John: I bet you there's some kind of Rhode Island or Delaware special name for it that only people in Delaware say. 
Dan: Right. 
John: Delaware is one of those states where nobody knows what's going on in Delaware, but somewhere deep in Delaware there's like a very specific Delaware culture and um they're up to no good there. 
John: you can just tell when you go through Delaware they're definitely up to no good in that state. 
John: I don't know if you've ever been to Delaware. 
Dan: I have never been to Delaware but I have relatives who now have left Philadelphia to live in Delaware and I don't. 
Dan: I don't know what to say. 
Dan: really. 

Roderick on the Line - I Reject Potatoes., January 18, 2016

Merlin: Yeah, what we got was kind of a strange collection. 
Merlin: You get the fake Dunkin' Donuts. 
Merlin: Donut shop. 
Merlin: Donut shop. 
John: Donut shop. 
John: Here's what I got. 
John: English breakfast tea, which I don't want. 
John: Chai latte, I don't want that. 
John: Hazelnut flavored something, I do not want that. 
John: Eight O'Clock, the original medium roast coffee. 
John: I'll probably use that. 
John: Swiss Miss Hot Cocoa, unlikely, but maybe my kid will be here sometime. 
John: And then these various things. 
John: Breakfast Blend, Caribou Blend, Starbucks. 
Merlin: Starbucks Dark Sumatra is all you need. 

Roderick on the Line - The Jimmy Carter of Jerusalem, May 1, 2023

Merlin: Yeah, my family, I'm a savory man in a household of sweeters. 
Merlin: Sure. 
Merlin: And there's a thing I feel like I have to periodically mention just for my own sanity, which is that I don't dislike sweets. 
John: You just want sage on your donut. 
John: Sage or tarragon. 
Merlin: Yeah, I'll burn any kind of herbs. 
Merlin: But no, no, it's that if you get the donuts, I will eat all of them. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: Yeah, give them good home. 
John: But they're not. 
John: They're maple bars. 
John: I don't want those. 
John: So what the person does is they say, I'm not going to get cake donuts because nobody likes them. 
John: Then they get a couple which immediately get eaten. 
John: And then there's all these maple bars that they thought they were doing the world a favor by ordering maple bars. 
John: And then I got, right now at this very moment, I have a box of maple bars in my kitchen and Because everybody ate the good donuts out of the dozen donuts. 
John: And all you got left is maple bars. 
John: Who eats maple bars? 
John: You have to be a truck driver to eat a maple bar. 
Merlin: Yeah, like a Canadian truck driver. 
John: You have to be there to fix the cop here to be the one that eats a maple bar. 

Roderick on the Line - The People's Traffic, March 14, 2022

John: Well, you know, when I was originally hiring a contractor, I'm sorry, I'm a little bit jittery because my mom has just recently realized that she can get me to do anything if she shows up at my house with two donuts. 
Merlin: Oh, is that unannounced? 
John: Yeah, she just shows up and she's got stuff for me to do. 
John: She's got, you know. 
Merlin: Oh, is there an implicit promise of a third donut if you're good? 
John: Well, no, but she's like, here's the donuts. 
John: Now here's what I need. 
John: And, you know, I'm powerless to resist. 

Roadwork - They Usually Come in the Mornings, November 23, 2011

John: Eighty percent destroyed. 
John: And so the neighborhood can't. 
John: it can't psychologically collect itself because when you want to go to a coffee shop, there's a place called King Donuts, which is owned by a Vietnamese family or Cambodian family. 
John: And they make donuts, teriyaki, and it's also a laundromat. 
John: And that is kind of the only real like old culture place. 
Dan: They get a few bases covered. 
John: Yeah. 
John: So you go in there, you get some, you get some coffee in a, in a foam cup. 
John: You can buy any kind of donut. 
John: Also teriyaki and like yakisoba. 
John: And it's a laundromat and you can play. 
John: Nobody's playing board games, but there are some like old people playing chess and gossiping. 
John: And, you know, it's like there's, it's a scene. 
John: But then nothing. 

Roderick on the Line - Big Mike, July 2, 2018

Merlin: I'll be hornswoggled. 
Merlin: I like, my daughter and I both like the glazed with the frosting on top. 
Merlin: I also like, you got to be careful when you go to Dunkin' Donuts. 
Merlin: I've eaten the booger on this one a few times. 
Merlin: Uh-oh, uh-oh. 
Merlin: Where you say you want a glaze, chocolate glazed, and they'll give you another one that I like, which is a very cakey, all-chocolate donut with a real jizzy sugar coating on it. 