Based on the following podcast excerpts, what does John Roderick think about liberalistm? Formlate your response in the voice of John Roderick.

Roderick on the Line - The Viet Cong Can Smell the Soap, September 29, 2011

John: Well, there was a time here, not to go back to my dad again. 
John: I'm always talking about my parents. 
Merlin: You cannot talk too much about your dad as far as I'm concerned. 
John: But my dad was part of an era where he was a vigorous liberal Democrat. 
John: You know what I mean? 
John: He was a Democrat and a liberal, and he defended those principles with a kind of... with a kind of vigor that is utterly absent from that wing of the political spectrum now. 
John: My dad would get into fights in bars on the waterfront over liberal politics. 
John: You know, liberalism was... was a thing that... It was muscular. 

Roderick on the Line - Keep Moving and Get Out of the Way, September 15, 2011

John: I feel like, in a way, that's true of liberalism now, or that's true of the whole liberal half of this country who are so on brand. 
John: And over the years, the brand has changed, and every new addition to it The liberals feel like they need to embrace it and canonize it. 
John: And after a while, the brand is so ungainly, it's so rife with internal contradictions, that liberalism has become meaningless. 
John: Or if not meaningless, at least it's a multi-headed hydra that can't possibly live. 
John: It can't possibly subsist. 
John: And you contrast it against... conservatism which is just as balkanized. 
Merlin: but this isn't just so. 
Merlin: i'm clear. 
Merlin: this is not going to become about the tea party right? 
John: oh you don't want to talk about the tea party. 
Merlin: is this a bridge to the tea party? 
John: No, I wasn't trying to bridge. 
Merlin: I don't want to interrupt you. 
John: But this stuff is on my mind. 
John: Liberalism is on my mind. 
John: I don't really give a fuck about the Tea Party. 
John: What I care about is liberalism and how to find some kind of liberalism that's livable. 
John: And I feel like the liberals that I know, there are so many things, so many tenets of liberalism that are off the table for talking about anymore because they're part of the brand. 
John: You can't. 

Roderick on the Line - Felix, February 26, 2018

Merlin: Take your guns away. 
John: Take your guns away, except that the government allows you to do whatever you want, including be a pedophile or sex with animals or whatever it is that they extend this policy. 
John: criticism out to, you know, like this weird, this weird idea of a liberal as someone who both wants to have complete control like lawlessness on one side, what they consider lawlessness on one side of the world. 
Merlin: Well, they want it to be this like Caligula and Bacchanalia on the one side, even as they're taking away everything that gives your life meaning and joy. 
John: Right. 
John: So you're no longer allowed to worship your God. 
John: You're no longer allowed to salute your flag. 
John: We don't support the troops. 
John: We don't allow you to have guns. 
John: We tax all your money away to give it to undeserving poor people. 

Roadwork - Mr. Choöde, January 4, 2016

Dan: and see all this time i thought you were kind of pessimistic on group group humanity and people people. 
John: no you know i'm not. 
Dan: no i think you i thought you were. 
John: no i have tremendous faith in humanity. 
John: it's why i get up in the get up every day. 
John: i really do. 
John: you know it's. 
John: i don't think you can be a liberal now i'm not talking about a leftist right now but even leftist. 
John: I think it's intrinsic to being a progressive thinker that you have faith in humanity. 
John: It's that you are a Lockean rather than a Hobbesian. 
John: It's at the foundation of the idea that human beings can improve. 
John: Liberalism, the idea of it is that we are making progress. 
John: And conservativism is the idea that, well, a lot of progress is progress in the wrong direction. 
John: And we need to hunker down and we need to preserve the ground that we've gained and not get too crazy with this future looking. 
John: And it's intrinsically pessimistic about what our prospects are. 
John: and i think the you know i think the the the more progressive you are. 
John: and again i make a distinction between that and its current usage as like a like a angry radical progressivism which strikes me as extremely pessimistic in that they're always looking for the thing that is the worst about any situation. 
John: but no my whole life has been colored by i think both of my parents their belief that technology, but also, you know, social growth, um, psychology, philosophy, all those things are ongoing and, and forward looking and, and hopeful. 
John: And my whole take on alien, you know, if I have a take on it, it is also that this moment we're deriving toward this, this arrival, this announcement, is a hopeful one. 

Roderick on the Line - Arsenal of Civilization, January 5, 2015

John: Yeah, right. 
John: And this is the famous old adage, and I don't know whether it was Churchill or Mark Twain or Genghis Khan or Descartes who said— The conservative and liberal? 
Merlin: Yeah, right. 
Merlin: Any man who's not a liberal by the time he's twenty is hard-hearted. 
Merlin: Anyone who's not a conservative by the time they're forty is soft-headed. 
John: Yeah, was that Benjamin Disraeli? 
John: Who was that? 

Roadwork - Soul Memory, June 20, 2016

John: And what we don't give them is that they have a cohesive and coherent worldview that's based not in a desire to punish us, but it's based in a desire to protect themselves and to honor and celebrate the things that they think are are good and right. 
John: And actually our view, the liberal view is confusing and challenging and destabilizing, right? 
John: Because the liberals want to keep pushing the envelope. 
John: We want to keep including more people, not excluding. 
John: And in including more people and more viewpoints, it is, it does get confusing. 
John: You get, you get a, it's like a constant steady flow of internal contradictions to be liberal because you are trying to make a coalition out of people. 
John: And some of them, you know, on the right, it's a coalition, right? 
John: And some of them believe the earth was created in seven days and some of them don't, but they all agree or, or, you know, they largely agree that, uh, in general, like transgender bedrooms in elementary schools are a bridge too far, right? 
John: It's kind of a unifying sense that the left is a bridge too far. 
John: But on the left, we have people in our coalition who believe there is no bridge too far, you know, that we should pursue the most radical cultural and economic goals possibilities we can conceive of. 
John: and then you have all the people like. 
John: between that and whatever you know whatever like abhorrent center democrat it is that the leftists feel is the real problem in the world. 
John: who wants all those you know wants those things that that um wants those sort of general premises of like one day you should try and be a homeowner and and send your kids to college and a rising tide lifts all boats, you know, that kind of just. 
John: they're liberals and they want there to be, and they're not opposed to free college. 
John: and they want people to read books and be learned. 
John: and, you know, and they imagine that if you read the New York times, you will know what there is to know. 
John: And, um, um, They don't want to close the world down. 
John: They want to open it up. 

Roderick on the Line - Driving Lesson Costume, July 29, 2013

Merlin: Churchill. 
John: Thank you. 
John: And so this natural kind of conservatism that comes into your life when you're in your mid-forties, where you just have seen enough... And you look around and you go, yeah, all right, kid. 
John: But really, here's how life works. 
John: And you start to feel like... You're not willing anymore to be imposed upon so much. 
John: You start to appreciate a little bit of quiet and a little bit of comfort. 
John: I start to shake my fist at people whose stereos are too loud. 
John: It's a kind of quality of middle age that I think you need to resist. 
John: You need to resist this inexorability of... of feeling like building a taller fence. 
John: And as I'm talking to myself and I'm resisting my own, my own natural sort of trend to personal conservatism, I'm, I'm feeling the templates of the internet in my mind. 
John: And I'm arguing with myself in the voice of these internet templates and And I kind of jump back out of myself and I say, I reject this. 
John: I reject this model. 
John: I am not... it is not a simple matter of either being like, you cannot accuse everyone of classism or racism or sexism who doesn't conform to the most radical interpretation of any scenario. 
John: There is a middle that is, that is like really where we should all aspire to be. 

Roderick on the Line - In Pursuit of an Errant Leaf, October 15, 2012

John: And if you start to try and talk about big ideas, governing ideas, concepts... Those are, we feel like, on the liberal side of the aisle, we feel like, incorrectly, that a lot of those ideas are resolved. 
John: We know what the deal is. 
John: You know, we are the educated side of this equation, and we know what the deal is. 
John: And we have rejected God, and we have rejected Nietzsche, and we have rejected Marx. 
John: The idea of oligarchy, we have rejected the idea. 
Merlin: We've rejected everything except seeing how it really is. 
Merlin: Don't you think? 
Merlin: I think there's a certain sense of like, well, oh, gosh, even as recently as four or five years ago, there were people whose vision was heavily occluded. 
Merlin: And aren't we lucky to be able to see as clearly as we see? 
John: Now we finally see. 
Merlin: Why can't everybody have this gift? 

Roderick on the Line - Disaster Coffee, June 26, 2017

John: at the time it felt like oh it's liberal because conservatism is something that belongs to richard nixon and so we grow our hair long we drink beer and we party and we're rowdy. 
John: But now the whole game has flipped. 
John: And now, like, that is – those are the signals of conservatism, right? 
John: We're just – fuck all you downtown – uh effete college people we're like motorcycle. 
Merlin: here's one for you is like are you okay with somebody telling you what the rules are and that you must follow them and depending on what decade and what side? 
Merlin: that's a very interesting thing. 
Merlin: well you know actually in a lot of cases you know i'm not okay with somebody telling me what the rules are and uh and then demanding that i do it. 

Roderick on the Line - Eventually My Scabs Healed, April 18, 2012

John: I was a free radical. 
Merlin: Okay. 
Merlin: Because she didn't have all the information that she needed. 
Merlin: Well, I think that's like a lot of people who are middle-aged. 
Merlin: I know just enough to know what's stupid and not enough to know what's smart. 
Merlin: But one thing I know is I think probably a little bit, if not stupid, at least a little bit short-sighted, is the failure to understand that everything in life is an engineering problem. 
Merlin: And I honestly – I don't know how much we see eye-to-eye politically, but I'll just say that I think the biggest common problem in – I prefer to say civics rather than politics. 
Merlin: To me, politics is theater. 
Merlin: To me, it's civics, the idea that there are things we want to improve. 
Merlin: And you can think about that as government. 
Merlin: You can think about that as getting potholes fixed. 
Merlin: You can think about that as trying to get people to stop letting their dogs shit in the park. 
Merlin: However you want to think about that. 
Merlin: But it all comes down to one basic problem. 
Merlin: And until you address this problem, it's very difficult to get anything done with anything except raw power, which most of us don't have. 
Merlin: And that is the problem that you can't change one factor about anything. 
Merlin: And to me, when I look at almost all—and I blame this completely on my stupid fucking liberal arts education that taught me to realize how things can be wrong— Not always figure out how they can be right. 
Merlin: What I do know is you can't change one thing about anything. 
Merlin: Right. 
Merlin: I'm not an engineer. 
Merlin: But all I know is that there are several factors that go into a plane staying in the air. 
Merlin: You can't change one of those factors. 
Merlin: And if you want to change one factor about anything in your life, and you focus very heavily on that, and that could be that you're against abortion. 
Merlin: It could be that you're against dog poop. 