Based on the following podcast excerpts, what does John Roderick think about beds? Formlate your response in the voice of John Roderick.

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

Merlin: Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. 
John: And says, I have to get it. 
Merlin: How did his very kind offer to do a little bit of this for you turn into? 
Merlin: now he's picking up a bed for you? 
Merlin: Is this what it means when you get onboarded to the Roderick Group? 
Merlin: Is this the kind of thing people can expect? 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

Merlin: Are you sleeping in the canopy bed? 
Merlin: I don't understand. 
Merlin: Where does the electric bed go? 
John: I'm sleeping in... Right now, electric bed... is uh being used as a ebay space because i'm sleeping on eighty nine dollar bed because eighty nine dollar bed is in the room that i when i was fixing up the house said to everyone else's dismay 
Merlin: yeah 
John: i said i want this room to have long orange shag carpet And no one thought that was a good idea. 
John: I couldn't find a living person that agreed with me that that was an investment that was going to pay off. 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

Merlin: That's what I slept on until I was fourteen. 
Merlin: No, that's what I slept on until I went to college. 
Merlin: Who am I kidding? 
John: So I have one of those, which is embarrassing to be, you know, it's not embarrassing, but it's an eighty nine dollar bed that I that I had delivered to the house by, you know, by maybe mid-century modern technology, but not an aesthetic, not an aesthetic. 
John: No. 
John: And then the third one. 
John: And I don't know if you remember this, but the mattress company that used to support our show that has provided beds for us all. 
John: Briefly. 
John: And I don't know briefly, because they might still be doing it. 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

Merlin: So when you say a bed, I mean, we're using some of those terms somewhat synonymous. 
Merlin: I'm not talking about a mattress or a box spring. 
Merlin: We're talking about the thing that you put a mattress or box spring in. 
Merlin: And does it have a headboard and stuff? 
Merlin: It reads as wooden bed much more than the eighty-nine dollar Walmart thing. 
John: So what this is, is it's a certain style. 
John: And the thing is, because the company that we once advertised for that sent me all these mattresses and electric beds- When they were like, what kind of beds do you want? 
John: Up until that point, I'd been sleeping on a queen-size bed for my whole life. 

Roderick on the Line - Inescape Room, January 6, 2020

John: But I moved into this place, and I didn't have a mattress. 
John: I didn't know where to get a mattress. 
John: And so, and I can't get back inside my head at age twenty-two, but I got... some pallets some shipping pallets and i covered them with pillows twin-sized bed pillows. 
Merlin: you had like a bespoke personal homemade mattress And it was awful. 
John: An awful place to sleep. 
John: Every night I would go into this room. 
John: I would lay down on this. 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

Merlin: It's so shaggy. 
John: And it's very orange. 
John: And the problem with the mid-century modern bed— is that if you put it on the shag carpet, then those miracle drawers underneath won't slide. 
John: The ones that Ben fixed with his- It's also a little bit out of period. 
Merlin: Like even though that bed is technically from the seventies, it kind of wants to be from the fifties. 
Merlin: And I think of a deep pile shagging- It's going to make the seventies look like the fifties. 
Merlin: you gotta sleep somewhere jesus christ. 
Merlin: what's gonna happen? 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

John: So, so I call Kevin, I call him again and I go, yeah, at this point you're a pretty motivated buyer. 
Merlin: You want to get this thing reserved for John Roderick. 
John: That's right. 
Merlin: Okay. 
John: I said, Kev, look, I think I want the bed and I don't want to spend the next hour twisting. 
John: I don't want to spend all night flip flopping in my an trying to figure out if Ben's going to get there. 
John: I know Ben's going to get there at eleven. 

Roadwork - String Art Owls, Copper Pipe, and Bono's Boss, October 20, 2011

Dan: No way. 
John: Our own bed. 
John: I mean, we, we, you know, we traveled like that pretty much until the end. 
John: It was, it was rare that we would be in a situation where everybody would get their own room. 
John: That's pretty, that's pretty expensive. 
John: but anyway, so we show up into the hotel and Ira is with us and he's like, I'll just crash with you guys. 
John: It was like, Oh, okay. 
John: We get up to the room, we survey this kind of dismal scene. 
John: There's two queen size beds in an O'Connell lodge on the edge, you know, on the, on the side of the highway somewhere, you know, in on Ontario. 
John: And, um, and I'm looking at him like, well, Ira, I mean, I guess you can sleep in, you can sleep in my bed or I mean, you can sleep or I'm trying to figure it out for him. 
John: And he goes, Oh, what? 
John: No problem. 
John: And he grabs, I think he grabs his coat, folds it into a pillow and lays down in the hallway between the bathroom and the front door. 
John: And he, you know, it lays down in his clothes. 
John: And I was like, are you sure? 
John: Do you need a blanket or something? 
John: Are you, do you need a pillow or anything? 
John: And he was like, he looked up and said, what? 
John: No, I'm a professional. 
John: And then he was asleep. 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

John: i don't think i will i'm allowed in but but you know on a on a if you're making bucket lists yeah why not why not? 
John: and i'm and i'm sure that's going to be true of how long have you been aware of her bed interests? 
Merlin: well a long time thing that just came up because now you're so lousy with beds. 
John: No, because I think part of the problem is her room here is decorated in an eclectic style, which is to say that the furniture that daddy doesn't know what else to do with goes in there. 
John: So it doesn't match and it doesn't have a ton of femininity. 
John: It's like daddy buys things that look like they belong in a men's club, and then he doesn't know what to do with them. 
John: So there are stacks of Pendleton blankets in all the corners. 
Merlin: So it's less of a thirteen-year-old girl's room and more like a disused cigar club. 
John: Yeah. 
John: And I keep saying to her, now, the thing is that the room that you want when you're thirteen isn't necessarily the room you want when you're sixteen or seventeen. 

Roderick on the Line - Electric Bed, October 14, 2024

John: And the thing is they would all go on there and they would be organized for exactly one hour. 
Merlin: Yeah. 
John: But that one hour would be so wonderful. 
Merlin: It's definitely complicated. 
Merlin: So the new bed that has broken... 
John: Which new bed? 
Merlin: The mid-century modern bed from the Sparkle Barn is what you will be sleeping on in your big boy room, yes? 
John: No. 
John: The problem with that is that the room I'm currently... 